BD-3266 Add WhatsApp embedded signup article (#7704)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/whatsapp/overview.md

If you are using the [older navigation]({{site.baseurl}}/navigation), you can find **Technology Partners** under **Integrations**.
{% endalert %}

On the WhatsApp partner page, select **Begin Integration**.

![][1]

> In the window that opens, the information that appears and select **Next** until the **Begin Integration** button appears. Select the button to begin the integration process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the open window, select **Next** until the **Begin Integration** button appears. Select the button to begin the integration process.
```
I think some words are missing in the first sentence? Not sure!
